hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2009 horror
movie called megan is missing
based on the actual events the film sets
off with two girls introducing
themselves in the camera
the preface gives us the backstory where
on january 14 2007 a 14 year old girl
named megan stewart went missing and
three weeks later her close friend amy
herman also vanished it's the 2nd of
january 2007 where megan and amy sit in
a restaurant they record themselves and
talk around while megan jokes about
amy's virginity and how she hasn't even
made out amy gets sensitive for a moment
but megan waves it away and lightens the
mood on january 4th megan talks to her
friend angie on a video call and they
discuss what tercel has been providing
for angie
in the interim angie's boyfriend named
gideon pops up in the webcam and as they
tease each other megan's mother barges
in her room and starts lashing out on
her
as they indulge in a heated row her
friends laugh at her misery and megan
returns back to call amy who asks about
her condition but megan excuses it away
it's the 5th of january amy prepares for
school while her father comes in and
asks to take her to a kid's place for
her birthday party the daddy's girl
finds it pretty odd to go in there as
she's 13 now
in the meantime her mother also enters
the room and they discuss the birthday
plans
on the other hand megan and her friends
call a guy named ben who hosts night
parties
the girls ask about the scenario while
ben becomes extra flirty with them as
the ladies talk to him
megan asks permission to let amy come
upon which ben remarks that she is a
party pooper nevertheless megan stands
her ground and deliberately insists upon
letting her come otherwise she'll not
join either with no choice ben gives in
and the scene shifts to the party house
where the girls enter by giving ten
dollars each as an entry the megan group
also arrives and ben ushers them inside
cheerfully inside the dark and lowly lit
house we witness the teenagers hitting
away at the savagely
drugs dances and everything is on fleek
the cameraman records as megan and her
friends smoke the blunts while amy sits
among them uncomfortably on the other
hand ben enters the party and swivels
amidst the girls and reaches up to megan
and whispers something in her ear before
taking her away
after she leaves amy walks in the living
room where she becomes a victim of a
brawl
she hurts her head and the guys approach
her gideon gets close and starts
harassing her amy can't take it and she
resists upon which gideon smashes her
heart right across the face
completely disoriented she makes her way
through the wannabe people and stumbles
into a room where she watches megan
blowing off to ben
she startles instantly and closes the
door on amy while the camera shows been
molesting and abusing megan in every way
possible
downstairs the party goes berserk as the
girl snorts lines and the cameraman
forces lexi and her friend to make out
as they cling on to each other lexi gets
vomited upon her head by amy
the whole place clamors in disgust while
we see amy completely wasted
later the best friends call each other
and amy apologizes to megan
furthermore she gets interested in
megan's acts and it's revealed that she
gave her first bj when she was 10 years
old
at the summer camp she got in with the
counselor and the whole thing went down
as she explains the whole adventure
megan's mom angrily snatches away her
phone and finds amy on the screen
after a brief sigh she returns it and
orders her to sleep megan becomes sad as
her mom shouts at her and the call ends
it's amy's birthday on january 10 upon
getting amy's new video camera megan
shares her miserable life story as her
real dad is unknown while her stepfather
is in prison who raped her continuously
when she was 9 years old without her
mom's support she's been through hell
but during all this tears drop from her
eyes and amy proceeds to console her on
january 13th megan talks to lexi who
introduces another guy named josh
josh is supposedly a skater and his
profile name as skater dude lexi seems
profoundly interested in him and megan
gets his picture as well as other info
on the other side amy begins making her
video diary where she introduces herself
and proceeds with a tour of her stuffed
toys in her house
furthermore she checks in with her
mother louise and walks outside to the
yard where she further elaborates the
occasion spent there
meanwhile megan connects with the skater
dude on the online chat room and it's
known that his webcam has been broken
josh flirts with megan and manages to
convince her to come meet him at the
party later tonight
megan happily agrees as the guy becomes
obsessive with her after ending the call
she immediately lays out her party
clothes and calls amy to tell her
everything
as she leaves for the party amy begins
her video diary once again and
melancholy states that she doesn't even
know if she's going to get a guy
it's january 14th now amy video calls
megan who grugly wakes up from her sleep
and states that the jerk wasn't even
there at the party and she looked for
him for four hours
upon that amy asks her out for a movie
and megan accepts
later she wakes up and connects with
josh and complains to him but he clearly
says that he was present there
furthermore he describes the exact
apparel that megan was wearing upon
hearing about his timidness megan melts
down and agrees to meet him behind a
diner
beaming with joy she video calls amy and
tells her about josh's sensitivity and
shyness in sheer excitement
in the meantime they meet and proceed to
megan's room where amy gets introduced
to josh
after their basic recognition amy leaves
while megan prepares to meet him in 20
minutes
it's the next day now amy calls each and
every one of megan's friends and
inquires about her whereabouts but they
don't show any concern
she even connects with josh who denies
her knowledge as well
on the 17th of january the news of
megan's abduction and missing flash
around the tv
the news anchor speaks highly of megan
as the star student of the school is now
missing with no leads or knowledge
the principal speaks generously about
her wonderful character while her fake
friends also show their concern in front
of the camera on the 19th of january the
news approaches a massive lead as the
security camera footage from the diner
is obtained
we witness megan walking behind the
diner and encountering an unidentifiable
guy who drags her away it's the 20th of
january now and amy connects with josh
once again and confronts him with
megan's abduction
josh denies it and instead of consoling
her he starts manipulating amy and bumps
her insecurities to such an extent that
she gets annoyed and cuts the call
days pass on and on the 29th amy comes
forward to the press and gives josh's
name away to the authorities and links
it to the abduction
afterwards we see her recording her
diary and walking over to the diner
where megan's friends arrive and start
bullying her amy leaves the place in
nervousness and walks over to a bridge
where she and megan used to hide away
from the people amy places the camera on
the side and talks about the old times
furthermore she retrieves her beloved
discarded teddy bear from behind the
wall and sits again
as amy speaks a silhouette of a man
appears behind her who stands at a
distance and silently observes her on
the first of february amy connects with
josh once again who threatens her for
opening her mouth
innocently amy apologizes to him but the
guy becomes ruthless and keeps throwing
ultimatums at her
the following day the news broadcast a
reenactment of megan's abduction and we
witness the actors going through the
same act as the cctv clip and the girl
gets dragged away into a car
on march 4th 2007 the fbi received two
horrifyingly disturbing images of megan
being tortured gruesomely on a fetish
website flashback to the 4th of february
amy sits under the bridge once again and
talks about how three weeks has passed
but just as she's talking a man lunges
at her and the scene fades out the news
of amy's abduction now starts featuring
the broadcasts as well and on the 6th of
february we witness various campaigns
being run for the search of the missing
teenagers furthermore the people of the
community share their services and moral
support in favor of the victims
the film now descends into darkness as
the camera pans through a dungeon where
we witness amy shackled in a dingy space
she whines and cries in front of her
captor to let her go free but the
unhuman guy mercilessly closes the door
on her after the fade out josh takes the
camera back to amy's locker and orders
her to eat the shittiest food amy scoops
up in the corner and doesn't budge in
order to make her eat the [ __ ] he takes
out her beloved teddy bear from the
storage and uses it to force her into
eating the sludge like a dog amy follows
the order in sheer pain and horror and
at last he finally gives her the stuffed
bear
preceding another blackout we witness
the evil monster dragging amy out of her
cave and bringing her to the wooden
torture machine where the barbarian
rapes the poor soul
as the beast pounds against her amy goes
numb while experiencing the excruciating
pain
after his completion josh shackles her
in the chains again
after a while the camera turns back on
and josh frees amy from the fetters
afterwards he walks her towards a barrel
and asks her to get inside but upon
lifting the lid the horror is revealed
as megan's corpse sits in the drum
amy shrieks and gets back and starts
whimpering in terror but the monster
bears no mercy and he forces her inside
the drum and closes it until she's stuck
inside
in the final moments of the movie we
witness josh digging out a grave for the
barrel while amy endlessly pleads for
mercy and begs for the safety of her
life
but the devil bears no ear and buries
her alive under the ground until amy's
helpless screams die out the movie then
comes to an end with the lasting scenes
of amy and megan who joke around and sit
together to arrive at the conclusion
that one day they'll find the right man
for themselves
unfortunately luck was never on their
side thanks for watching guys
[Music]